Bob Fioretti
Besides the requesite hashtags tying Bob Fioretti with the Mayoral
election, there are at least a couple of hastags connecting Toni
Preckwinkle with Ed Burke.

John Kozlar
John Kozlar's Twitter feed does not have many hashtags, but the hashtag
network still ties him to being against corruption.

Neal Sales-Griffin
The hashtag network of Neal Sales-Griffin has few hashtags. Apparently, 
though, a significant number of them refer to his podcast.

Amara Enyia
Amara Enyia's hashtag network is notable for frequent references to
people (allpeople, peoplepower, etc.).

Susana Mendoza
So far, the hashtag network of Susana Mendoza is unique among all. She 
has seemingly tied the majority of her hashtags to the hashtag
#chimayor19.

Willie Wilson
To a large extent, Willie Wilson's hashtags center on the election and 
his desire to be elected. However, there are also more than a few of
religious themed hashtags, as well as references to the Jason Van Dyke
trial involving the killing of Laquan McDonald.

Jerry Joyce
Jerry Joyce also seems to have a number of hashtags connected to a central
theme: electing Jerry Joyce as mayor. There are also a few instances of 
hastags referring to the Chicago Bears of the NFL.

La Shawn K Ford
Most of the hashtags in this network center on the election and the candidate.
The presence of several transit related hastags is unique among the other
networks.

Bill Daley
[Be sure to place this network with the other sparse ones]

Lori Lightfoot
The network of Lori Lightfoot support her asertations as being progressive, 
with references to a universal basic income, housing concerns, the LGBTQ 
community, and her possible stance on the TIF's.

Garry McCarthy
Garry McCarthy's network is unique due to a number of references to the 
present Mayor, Rahm Emanuel.

Gery Chico
The network of Gery Chico is comparable to the others in the campaign. However,
there are several hashtags referring to the rights of the disabled.

Toni Preckwinkle
In addition to the LGBTQ community and housing, the hastag network of Toni Preckwinkle 
is singular in its references to the "blue wave" elections of 2018.

Paul Vallas
Besides encouraging people to vote, Paul Vallas' network is notable for its focus
on commerce, budgeting, and public safety.