The 2019 Chicago Mayoral Election is scheduled to take place on 
February 26. On that day, residents will be making decisions
on the persons who will lead the city and chart its course in the face of issues 
such as Crime, Pension Obligations, and Affordable Housing. The goal
of this project is to analyze how the candidates communicate to Chicago's
residents through Twitter and, hopefully, gleam some insight into
each candidate's vision for the city.

Acknowledgements
Simply put, I would not have been motivated to do this project
without the book Text Mining with R, written by Julia Silge and 
David Robinson and their tidytext package. Most of the techniques 
used in this document are from the book. Text Mining with R serves
as a insightful and concise entry into Natural Language Processing.

Along with the tidytext package, I should take this time to recognize
the other packages used in the document and their authors.
"Table of Packages used"

What this document isn't
In this document I will endeavor to not reveal my own preference for 
Mayor. My own preference serves no purpose here, and can only confuse
the goal of showing how the candidates utilize the medium of Twitter
to communicate with potential voters. However, I'm not above pointing
out what some may deem as "curious" uses of Twitter by the candidates.
I might even crack a joke or two...

Candidates Covered
Below is a table of the candidates for Chicago City Mayor as of January 
31, 2019. Included with their names are their present or previous positions
as well as their Twitter username or handle. The handles were taken from 
each of the candidate's website.


Code Examples
In the document, I will try to highlight some of the underlying code
for the analysis to illustrate how the data were processed. The full 
code for the analysis will be made available on Github "here", as well 
as the datasets used.

Outline
Chapter 1 will discuss how the data for the project were acquired. I'll 
also discuss some of the initial decisions made for the analysis. A
rundown on each of the candidates will also be included.

In Chapter 2, we will go over some of the basic statistics involved with
the candidate's Twitter use. 

Chapter 3 will illustrate the word networks associated with each of the
candidates. The goal of these networks is to illustrate relationships of
terms and how they can show themes in narratives.

We'll do the same in Chapter 4, but this time with hashtags. Hashtags can
also help convey a candidate's stance, but in a more concise and connected
way.

In Chapter 5, I'll introduce the use of Term Frequency - Inverse Document
Frequency (TF-IDF) to discern the importance of a term relative to a 
collection of terms. We'll also introduce the use of n-grams.

For Chapter 6, We will take a quick look to see how similar the candidates are
with respect to the terms they use.

Finally, in Chapter 7 we will look perceived positive and negative sentiment
in the messages the candidates use.   

Data Acquisition
The Data were acquired from Twitter through use of the Twitter Developer
App and the rtweet package from R. By using the rtweet package, we were
able to access the Twitter API and download, potentially, up to the last 
3200 tweets from each candidate's Twitter feed with the get_timeline() function. 
The collected data were, then, converted to a comma delimited file for 
portability and easier access. More information on Twitter Developer Apps can 
be found here.

The dataset was, then, filtered so that only the tweets that occured during the 
campaign was used. To that end, only the tweets from the candidates' announcement
date to January 31, 2019 were used. News reports were used for determining each
candidate's announcement date with cross referencing using Wikipedia or Ballotpedia, when
possible.

Each record of a tweet is made up of 88 different variables covering attributes such as 
the text of the message, username, hastags used, and retweet information, to name a few.

For the most part, the information downloaded from Twitter is our primary source of data.
However, the actual names of the candidates were added to the records and a .csv
file contating rates of Twitter usage were utilized to help speed up analysis.