One way to evaluate the messaging done by candidates is to gauge
the emotion and opinion behind their statements. In this section 
we will be examining aspects of the sentiment of each candidate's 
messages throughout their campaigns.

We will use the AFINN Lexicon, from Finn Arup Nielsen to examine the
terms used in the candidate's tweets. Detailed information on the lexicon
can be found in the paper "A new ANEW: evaluation of a word list for 
sentiment analysis in microblogs?, proceedings of the ESWC 2011 Workshop.
A copy of the paper can be found here. Simply put, the lexicon rates 
terms used as being either "positve" or "negative". The score for each 
term is within a range of -5 (very negative) to 5 (very positive).

For example, we can look at the average score for each term used by the 
candidates in their twitter messages during each of their campaigns.
The code below with take each term used by the candidates, assign a 
score from the AFINN Lexicon for each term it shares in the candidate's 
tweet, multiply the scores by the number of times each term is used
(contribution to sentiment), and divides that result by the total number 
of terms appearing in the messages.

[put code and image here]

The results show that Willie Wilson is, by far, is the most "positive", 
averaging a score of over one per term used. Candidate Wilson is followed 
by Neal Sales-Griffin and Amara Enyia. The least "positive" is Garry McCarthy.

At this point, you might be asking what are the words that are making these 
messages positive or negative. The following code will extract the 25 words that, 
from all of the timelines by their frequency of use and assigned score, are most 
prominent in contributions made to overall twitter message sentiment. This will 
include both prominent positive and negative words.

[put code and image here]

As you can see, the words "suport" and "happy" are the most prominient of the positive
words. Meanwhile, "crime" and "violence" and the most prominent negative words.

We can do something similar for each of the candidates. Below are the plots for each 
candidate indicating the top twelve words for their timelines by their contribution to
sentiment (again, score times number of times used). If there are ties in contribution, 
all tied words are used.

[put image here]

One thing to note here is that for Sales-Griffin and Kozlar, their lack of twitter activity
during their campaign introduces a higher chance for ties. Hopefully, this will be resolved
with the data from February. The results also give a hint as to why Willie Wilson and 
Garry McCarthy are at the extremes in terms of average score per term. Overall, many of the
terms are used by all of the candidates, which is not unexpected given they are all running 
for the same office.

Besides looking at individual words, we can assess the average sentiment score for a given 
tweet. In the code below, we can ascertain the average score per term tweet for each tweet 
in the dataset. We'll try to take the top ten scoring tweets, as well as the bottom ten.
As you will see, though, tweets with tied scores are included.
[put code here]

here are the tables showing the top and bottom scores, with the candidates who made those 
tweets.

[put tables here]

Here are the tweets, along with the candidates who made them.

[put tweet tables here (both)]
